README.md, before:

# Starlight Starter Kit: Basics

[![Built with Starlight](https://astro.badg.es/v2/built-with-starlight/tiny.svg)](https://starlight.astro.build)

```
npm create astro@latest -- --template starlight
```

[![Open in StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/github/withastro/starlight/tree/main/examples/basics)
[![Open with CodeSandbox](https://assets.codesandbox.io/github/button-edit-lime.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/p/sandbox/github/withastro/starlight/tree/main/examples/basics)
[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fwithastro%2Fstarlight%2Ftree%2Fmain%2Fexamples%2Fbasics&project-name=my-starlight-docs&repository-name=my-starlight-docs)

> 🧑‍🚀 **Seasoned astronaut?** Delete this file. Have fun!

## 🚀 Project Structure

Inside of your Astro + Starlight project, you'll see the following folders and files:

```
.
├── public/
├── src/
│   ├── assets/
│   ├── content/
│   │   ├── docs/
│   │   └── config.ts
│   └── env.d.ts
├── astro.config.mjs
├── package.json
└── tsconfig.json
```

Starlight looks for `.md` or `.mdx` files in the `src/content/docs/` directory. Each file is exposed as a route based on its file name.

Images can be added to `src/assets/` and embedded in Markdown with a relative link.

Static assets, like favicons, can be placed in the `public/` directory.

## 🧞 Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

| Command                   | Action                                           |
| :------------------------ | :----------------------------------------------- |
| `npm install`             | Installs dependencies                            |
| `npm run dev`             | Starts local dev server at `localhost:4321`      |
| `npm run build`           | Build your production site to `./dist/`          |
| `npm run preview`         | Preview your build locally, before deploying     |
| `npm run astro ...`       | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro check` |
| `npm run astro -- --help` | Get help using the Astro CLI                     |

## 👀 Want to learn more?

Check out [Starlight’s docs](https://starlight.astro.build/), read [the Astro documentation](https://docs.astro.build), or jump into the [Astro Discord server](https://astro.build/chat).

Commit message:

Docs(README): Update readme.md file

README.md, after:

# Stellar Chat Docs

Welcome to the documentation for Project Stellar Chat! This repository serves as a comprehensive guide to understanding and utilizing the features and functionalities of Project Stellar Chat. Feel free to explore the documentation to learn more about how to get started, contribute, and make the most out of Project Stellar Chat.

["Stellar Chat"](https://github.com/ktutak1337/Stellar-Chat)

## 🚀 Project Structure

Inside of project, you'll see the following folders and files:

```
.
├── public/
├── src/
│   ├── assets/
│   ├── content/
│   │   ├── docs/
│   │   └── config.ts
│   └── env.d.ts
├── astro.config.mjs
├── package.json
└── tsconfig.json
```

Starlight looks for `.md` or `.mdx` files in the `src/content/docs/` directory. Each file is exposed as a route based on its file name.

Images can be added to `src/assets/` and embedded in Markdown with a relative link.

Static assets, like favicons, can be placed in the `public/` directory.

## 🧞 Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

| Command                   | Action                                           |
| :------------------------ | :----------------------------------------------- |
| `npm install`             | Installs dependencies                            |
| `npm run dev`             | Starts local dev server at `localhost:4321`      |
| `npm run build`           | Build your production site to `./dist/`          |
| `npm run preview`         | Preview your build locally, before deploying     |
| `npm run astro ...`       | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro check` |
| `npm run astro -- --help` | Get help using the Astro CLI                     |
